


As a Digital Ambassador for the Student Digital Ambassador Program, I created a case study to educate our class about one of the biggest financial scams in India. This case study can be saved as either casestudy.md or casestudy.pdf within your task-5-cybercrime/ folder. +1

Case Study For UPI/Fraudulent Transaction With A Refund Scam.

What Is The Crime?

UPI (Unified Payments Interface) Fraud Is When A Criminal Tricks A Person Into Authorizing A Transaction That Sends Money Out Of The User's Bank Account To The Criminal’s Bank Account Instead Of Receiving The Money. A "Refund" Or "KYC" Scammer Uses The Victim’s Lack Of Understanding Regarding How To Use The UPI Feature Of "Request Money" And Uses It To Scams. +2

How Does This Usually Occur (Step By Step)?

1. The Hook- Student Receives Call And/Or WhatsApp From Impersonator Who Pretends To Be A Customer Service Agent for A Common Restaurant Delivery Service Or From Their Bank Asking For An Account Verification

2. The Problem- Person Claims That There Is An Existing Refund To Be Credited To Their Account Based On A Previous Transaction That Had Been Rejected By The Merchant OR That Their Account Would Be “Blocked” Due To The Expired KYC.

3. The Scam- Scammer Creates A UPI App (Like GPay Or PhonePe) Using The Same Tools And Process (Including Sending A Link) For Requesting Collection Of Funds In Their Account… But Instead Of Actually Going Through With Sending $… It Turns Out That Student Is To Receive $… And Send The Scammer $… By Authorizing The Payment.
To process your refund, simply input your UPI PIN. The student enters their PIN, either due to being rushed or distracted.

4. Theft: As the student only needed a PIN for sending money, they have unwittingly approved a transfer to the fraudster who hangs up immediately after hanging up.

Who Are The Victims? Young Adults and Students are often the most susceptible to this type of fraud as they tend to use digital payment applications on a regular basis and are often comfortable—sometimes far too comfortable—submitting digital requests without ever verifying their legitimacy.

Consequences: The immediate consequence is the financial loss a student will suffer since it is a significant amount of money taken out of a student's wallet. Beyond losing money, the victim will have had their digital trust compromised as well as being at risk of identity theft if they revealed any additional personal information to the fraudster. 
